ck8s:Fix cluster.local in kubeconfigs (#215)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-kubespray: migration/v2.19.x-ck8sx-v2.20.x-ck8s1/upgrade-cluster.md

# Upgrade v2.19.x-ck8sx to v2.20.x-ck8s1

1. Checkout the new release: `git checkout v2.20.x-ck8s1`

1. Switch to the correct remote: `git submodule sync`

1. Update the kubespray submodule: `git submodule update --init --recursive`

> 1. set the values for `kubeconfig_cluster_name` in both `sc-config/group_vars/k8s_cluster/ck8s-k8s-cluster.yaml` and `wc-config/group_vars/k8s_cluster/ck8s-k8s-cluster.yaml` to the coresponding name like bellow:
> 
>     ```yaml
>     kubeconfig_cluster_name: <CHANGE-ME-ENVIRONMENT-NAME-sc>
>     kubeconfig_cluster_name: <CHANGE-ME-ENVIRONMENT-NAME-wc>
>     ```

Reviewer: The `upgrade-cluster` part is not needed for your change, but we will want it in this doc later anyway.
```suggestion
1. set the values for `kubeconfig_cluster_name` in both `sc-config/group_vars/k8s_cluster/ck8s-k8s-cluster.yaml` and `wc-config/group_vars/k8s_cluster/ck8s-k8s-cluster.yaml` to the coresponding name like bellow:

    ```yaml
    kubeconfig_cluster_name: <CHANGE-ME-ENVIRONMENT-NAME-sc>
    kubeconfig_cluster_name: <CHANGE-ME-ENVIRONMENT-NAME-wc>
    ```
1. Upgrade the cluster to a new kubernetes version:

    ```bash
    ./bin/ck8s-kubespray run-playbook sc upgrade-cluster.yml -b
    ./bin/ck8s-kubespray run-playbook wc upgrade-cluster.yml -b
    ```

1. generate updated kubeconfigs:

    ```bash
    ./bin/ck8s-kubespray run-playbook sc ../playbooks/kubeconfig.yml -b
    ./bin/ck8s-kubespray run-playbook wc ../playbooks/kubeconfig.yml -b
    ```
```

Author: done

# Upgrade v2.19.x-ck8sx to v2.20.x-ck8s1

1. Checkout the new release: `git checkout v2.20.x-ck8s1`

1. Switch to the correct remote: `git submodule sync`

1. Update the kubespray submodule: `git submodule update --init --recursive`

> 1. set the values for `kubeconfig_cluster_name` in both `sc-config/group_vars/k8s_cluster/ck8s-k8s-cluster.yaml` and `wc-config/group_vars/k8s_cluster/ck8s-k8s-cluster.yaml` to the coresponding name like bellow:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. set the values for `kubeconfig_cluster_name` in both `sc-config/group_vars/k8s_cluster/ck8s-k8s-cluster.yaml` and `wc-config/group_vars/k8s_cluster/ck8s-k8s-cluster.yaml` to the corresponding name like below:
```

Author: fixed
thx
